This document may be found at:

http://software.seg.org/disclaimer2.txt

This is the modified disclaimer.txt covering documents that
could not be copyrighted by the SEG.

MAKE SURE YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS DOCUMENT FULLY.
By using material from the software.seg.org GEOPHYSICS
source-code archive, you agree to abide by these terms.

TERMS OF USAGE.
---------------
This software may be used freely under the following terms of use:

1) If the software is used in the creation of a publication or software
   distribution, or in any substantive way in a formal presentation, the
   GEOPHYSICS paper associated with the software must be referenced, and
   the URL for the code at software.seg.org must be referenced.

2) Notices in the source code indicating the origin of the code may not be
   removed. Disclaimers, copyright, and patent notices in the code may not
   be removed.
   Source-code files should contain:
	A link to the URL for the source code at software.seg.org.

3) If any portion of a code from software.seg.org is imported into another
   routine in either its original form or in modified form, the block of
   code containing that material must be clearly noted and attributed.
   The attribution must include, at a minimum, a reference to the
   GEOPHYSICS paper associated with the software, the URL for the
   code at software.seg.org, and a pointer to this disclaimer
   (http://software.seg.org/disclaimer2.txt). If any part of the algorithm
   is restricted in its use by patents, the patents must be referenced
   and the terms of use documented.

4) If any material from the software.seg.org GEOPHYSICS source-code
   archive is modified and then redistributed, clear notice must be
   included indicating that the code has been modified. The notice
   should include the nature of the modification, the extent of the
   modification, the purpose of the modification, when the modification
   was done, who made the modification, and the affiliation of the party
   that made the modification.
   Such notices should not be removed during successive redistributions.

NO WARRANTIES.
--------------
You accept all the materials provided "as is."
You assume all responsibility for the results or use of the materials.
SEG makes no representations or warranties of any kind including, but
not limited to, the accuracy, reliability, or usability of these materials.
Any use that you make of the materials is at your own risk.

DISCLAIMER.
-----------
SEG provides no warranties to you, expressed, implied, or statutory,
including any implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose.

DAMAGE WAIVER.
--------------
In no event will SEG be liable for any damages, including direct,
indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of
anyone's use of or inability to use these materials, or any copies prepared
from these materials, even if SEG has been advised as to the possibility
of such damages.
